Fix aws ec2 describe instances (#29964)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-EC2/ReleaseNotes/1_2_39.md

#### Integrations

##### AWS - EC2

> - Fixed an issue where the **filter** argument for **aws-ec2-describe-instances** command didn't filter results as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **filter** argument for **aws-ec2-describe-instances** command did not filter results as expected.
```
Lets say excluded the ':' character when it shouldnt have
